== Welcome to Rails

Experimentation with ruby on rails. The project was part of my 12 week program at codecademy classes. It was my initial push to github as well as putting it live on the web using heroku.


Instructions in deploying to Heroku using Ruby on Rails.
Create a new Heroku account.
Install the Heroku Toolbelt on your computer. The Heroku Toolbelt is installed by default in new Codecademy workspaces.
In the terminal, log in using the email address and password you used when creating your Heroku account:

$ heroku login
In Gemfile, add the pg gem to your Rails project. Change

gem sqlite
to

gem 'sqlite3', group: :development
gem 'pg', '0.18.1', group: :production
 In Gemfile, add the rails_12factor gem

gem 'rails_12factor', group: :production
 In the terminal, install the gems specified in the Gemfile

$ bundle install
Ensure config/database.yml is using the postgresql adapter. Change

production:
  <<: *default
  database: db/production.sqlite3
to

production:
  <<: *default
  adapter: postgresql
  database: db/production.sqlite3
Commit your changes to git

$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Heroku config"
In the terminal, create an app on Heroku

$ heroku create
Push your code to Heroku

$ git push heroku master
If you are using the database in your application, migrate the database by running

$ heroku run rake db:migrate
If you need to seed your database with data, run

$ heroku run rake db:seed
Get the URL of your app and visit it in the browser

$ heroku apps:info
In the output, copy the address in the Web URL field. Open a new tab in your browser, and visit your app.
Check out Heroku's Rails docs for more information.


